hey guys what's up it's Patrick here and
today I thought it would bring you guys
one of my favorite raids I've seen in a
long time from one of my clan mates Kyle
the great and you can see he's attacking
a fully maxed out base gonna go ahead
and let out some of the clan castle
troops and let's go ahead and see how
this one goes down so you would think he
would be using a normal army composition
something like gowiwi or go i'p to get
two stars but let's see how he tries to
get it done so after luring out the clan
castle troops he takes him to the right
hand side he's gonna go ahead and drop
some witches those guys will take care
of the wizards that were in the CC after
he blows up a compartment on the top
he's gonna go ahead and start dropping
some more of his troops and it looks
like there's gonna be one more giant
bomb inside of this guy's base and as
soon as that giant bomb goes down in
just a second the one right next to that
dark elixir pump he's gonna go ahead and
drop a jump spell and some vol Crees and
go ham on the base so Volkers have run
in those guys are attacking the dark
elixir drill good to go ahead and hop
over the wall and now they're just gonna
do work all the way in the center so he
drops a perfect free spell to freeze
both of the Inferno towers drops a
perfect rage spell in the middle of all
of the buildings and the Valkyries are
literally going insane and destroying
the entire center of his base I also
think he dropped a heal spell I'm not
exactly sure not I couldn't see from
this replay but they're just literally
spinning in circles and destroying
everything and he's already at 65% so
whenever you use a Valkyrie strategy
you're really relieved just to get one
star maybe two stars especially against
a maxout base but he's at 70% he still
has a full health King full health Queen
pretty much and yeah his Valkyries did
so much work in the core of his base
that they should be able to run around
and get a three-star on the rest of the
base so this just goes to show you you
can use a lot of different army
compositions as long as you're skilled
with them as long as you know what
you're doing you can have a ton of
success and this was probably one of my
favorite raids I've seen in the last
couple of months and I just wanted to
get my boy Kyle a shout out so awesome
raid 3 starring a fully maxed out base
including walls with Valkyries is
amazing and yeah this was really just a
great raid so that's gonna do it for
this video hope you guys enjoyed and
make sure you guys check out the sneak
peek
videos I've been posting all week and
you guys should be seeing some very
crazy sneak peeks coming pretty soon so
yeah that'll do it I'll see you guys
later
peace out